Updating apko docs (#158)
chainguard-dev/edu: content/open-source/apko/reference.md

---

> title: "YAML Reference"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "apko YAML Reference"
```
```suggestion
title: "YAML Reference"
```

type: "article"

> description: "apko YAML Reference"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "A reference guide for writing YAML for apko"
```

date: 2022-10-10T11:07:52+02:00
lastmod: 2022-10-10T11:07:52+02:00
draft: false
images: []
menu:
  docs:
    parent: "apko"
weight: 150
toc: true
---

> In this page you can find a reference for apko's YAML specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page provides a reference for apko's YAML specification.
```

> ## contents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Contents
```

Author: In this case, `contents` is the yaml node name all lowercase, should I maybe format it differently using backticks?

Author: I tried using ## `contents` but I think it didn't look so good. I will keep it like this for now, maybe we think of a better organizational structure for these in order to have a nicely built TOC

This section defines sources and packages you want to include in your image.

| Directive    | Description                                                                                  |
|--------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| repositories | A list of apk repositories for this image. Supports either Alpine or Wolfi apk repositories. |

> | packages     | A list containing all packages that should be installed as part of this image requirements.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| packages     | A list containing all packages that should be installed as part of a given image's requirements.  |
```

_*It is not recommended to mix Alpine apks with Wolfi apks._

#### Example:

```yaml
contents:
  repositories:
    - https://dl-cdn.alpinelinux.org/alpine/edge/main
  packages:
    - alpine-base
```

## entrypoint
This section defines an entry point command for your image.

| Directive | Description                                                                                 |
|-----------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | command   | The command that should ne executed as entry point for this image.                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| command   | The command that should be executed as entry point for this image.                          |
```
